---
layout: page
title: Introduction to Database System (COSC 3P32)
---

#### Office hours 
* Monday and Friday 10:00 am to 11:00 am
* Offline questions: by email
* Online session: by appointment

#### Course Description

This course examines fundamental database concepts including specification, design and applications; various models including the relational 
model; normal forms, efficiency considerations, queries using SQL, database administration and security.

**Credit Hours**: 36\
**Location**: TH245\
**Period**: Jan 10, 2022 to Apr 08, 2022\
**Time**: Monday: 8:00 am to 9:30 am, Friday: 8:00 am to 9:30 am\
**TAs**: Mrittika Ferdous (mf21ql@brocku.ca) and Mubashir Murshed (mm19ak@brocku.ca)\
**Prerequisite**: COSC 2P03 (minimum 60%) \
**Exclusions**: Completion of this course will replace previous assigned grade and credit obtained in COSC 2P32.

#### Recommended Textbooks
* Database Management Systems, 3rd edition, Raghu Ramakrishnanan & Johannes Gehrke, McGraw-Hill, ISBN: 0-07-246563-8.
* Database System Concepts, 7th edition, Avi Silberschatz, Henry F. Korth and S. Sudarshan, McGraw-Hill ISBN 9780078022159.
  Online source: https://zyBooks.com

#### Mark Distribution:
* Assignments: 20% + Bonus (extra-mark): 5%
    * There will be 4 assignments. Due date and time for assignment submission will be printed on the assignment text.
    * Assignments are “Individual” and each student is individually responsible for completing the assignment and will receive an individual 
    grade.
    * Random students may be chosen to explain their assignment material to the instructor.
    * Tentative deadline for assignments:
        * Assignment 1: Tuesday Feb 8th at 23:55
        * Assignment 2: Sunday Feb 20th at 23:5
        * Assignment 3: Wednesday March16th at 23:55
        * Assignment 4: Thursday March 31st at 23:55

* Group Project: 10%
    * Tentative deadlines for project: April 22nd at 23:55
        * You will receive the project description in mid-March.
    
* Midterm and in class quizzes: 20% 
    * Midterm-date: Feb 18th at 8:00am to 9:00 am and will cover the first 4 chapters.
    
* Final Exam: 50%
    * Obtaining 40% of the final exam is required to pass the course.
    
#### Tentative Outline
* Introduction to Database Systems 
* The Entity-Relationship (ER) Model
* Introduction to the Relational Model 
* Query Languages: Relational Algebra and SQL 
* Schema Refinement and Normal Forms 
* Storage and Indexing 
* Transaction Management 
* Optional Topics, including (but not limited to) Query Evaluation, Security. 

#### Important Dates
* Last date for withdrawal without academic penalty: March 4th, 2022. 

#### Lectures
* Lectures will be delivered in person (online by January 31st via Ms. Teams).
* Lecture slides will be posted on Sakai in the Resources/Lectures menu.
* Online lectures may be recorded and posted on Teams.