---
layout: post
title: ""
---

I am an Assistant Professor at the Department of Computer Science, Brock University. My research work is mainly on automated software analysis and performance 
evaluation of complex software systems in the ara of cloud, distributed systems and Internet of Things. 

* My research and my research team - [Research]({{ site.baseurl }}/tabs/research)
* Courses that I am teaching - [Teaching]({{ site.baseurl }}/tabs/teaching)

### Research
My research interest consists of-

* Software Engineering,
* Software Analysis,
* Software Debugging,
* Performance Evaluation,
* Energy Efficiency 

I am particularly interested in operating system level methods, e.g., execution tracing and profiling, to support the aformentioned topics in the context of IoT, cloud and distributed systems. Currently, I am looking for masters and PhD students, visiting researchers, and postdocs to work with. If your research interests aligns with mine, head over to the "[Contact me]({{ site.baseurl }}/tabs/contact)" page and reach out.

### Latest News
<p></p>
* 2022 November: Yue Guan's poster on "[Deep Learning based Anomaly Driven Intrusion Detection System for IoT](https://github.com/pranjalcborty/naser/blob/7a8c9b7de3d9f0077e1a8450f39cf8da293206d4/assets/IoT_MW2022Poster.pdf)" has been accepted in [23rd ACM/IFIP International Middleware Conference](https://middleware-conf.github.io/2022/).
* 2022 October: Gave a keynote talk on "[Observability-Driven Software Development and Operations](https://github.com/pranjalcborty/naser/blob/7a8c9b7de3d9f0077e1a8450f39cf8da293206d4/assets/WIDECOM12-10-2022.pdf)" in the International Conference on Wireless Intelligent, and Distributed Environment for Comunication ([WIDECOM](http://www.widecomconference.org/)).
* 2022 September: Our artficat has been accepted in ICSME 2022.
* Our joint grant proposal with NOTL Museum  has been funded by VPMI/FedDev. We are looking for motivated undergrad students to help in this project. [Apply if you are interested.]({{ site.baseurl }}/tabs/contact).
* 2022 August: I have a post-doc position openning in my greoup. [Apply if you are interested.](https://brocku.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/brocku_careers/job/Post-Doctoral-Fellow-in-Software-Engineering--Department-of-Computer-Science_JR-1013576).
* 2022 July: Secured an NSERC Alliance-Mitacs Accelerate research grants. Two of my graduate students (Amirmahdi and Pranjal) will work on this project.
* 2022 July: Secured a VPMI/FedDev research grant on analyzing software energy efficiency of smart IoT devices.
* 2022 June: "Performance evaluation of complex multi-thread applications through execution path analysis" is published in Elsevier.
* 2022 May: Gave a keynote talk on Applications of Software Engineering and Artificial Engineering on Public Library Services, in Shiraz, Iran.
* 2022 May: Our journal "Execution trace-based model verification to analyze multicore and real-time systems" is published in Wiley.
  
 <!-- 
### Services Towards the University and the Scientific Community
<p></p>
* **Chair**,  Hardware/Software Planning, Departmental Committee, \
  Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Math and Science, Brock University
* **Reviewer**, NSERC Discovery Grant
* **Reviewer**, Springer Journal of Cloud Computing
* **Guest Editor**, Special Issue on New Insights into High-Performance Computing for MDPI Electronics.
-->
