---
layout: page
title: Software Engineering 2 (COSC 4P02)
---

#### Course Description

The course is about the application of software engineering. The focus will be on the development of a large-scale software engineering 
project in a competitive team setting, including creation of complete documentation for a working system. The course will also work as an 
introduction to tools such as Git and Azure DevOps.

**Credit Hours**: 36\
**Location**: Online (MS Teams)\
**Period**: Jan 10, 2022 to April 8, 2022\
**Time**: No regular lecture. You'll be notified in advance. Monday: 4:30pm to 6:00pm, Friday: 4:30pm to 6:00pm\
**TAs**: Amirali Madani (am18gk@brocku.ca), and Pranjal Chakraborty(kv20kh@brocku.ca)\
**Prerequisite**: COSC 4P01\
**Exclusions**: Completion of this course will replace previous assigned grade and credit obtained in COSC 4F00 or COSC 4P01.

#### Recommended Textbooks
* Software Engineering (10e) by Ian Sommerville, ISBN: 9780133943030.
* Software Engineering: A Practitioner’s Approach (9e) by Roger S. Pressman, ISBN: 9780078022128.

#### Project
* The goal of the course is to develop a software application to use in production.
* You will form your group with 5 to 8 members. 
* During the semester, the group members will work together to develop a full functional software product, from concept (understanding the 
project and its requirements) to actual implementation and will generate a series of reports and presentations. 
* The project will be on Developing a Chatbot for Canada Games and Brock University.
* Method: Scrum
* Platform: Windows, Linux, Mac, Android, IOS, ...
* Language: Java, C#, C++, Python or whatever works better your particular project.

#### Office hours 
* Monday to Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm
* Offline questions: by email
* Online session: by appointment